Update bp_03_run_executables_and_tests.md (#2092)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/platform/bp_03_run_executables_and_tests.md

You can run it with `dune exec bin/main.exe` or `dune exec my-app`.

## Building the Project When Files Changes

> The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` can take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It can be beneficial to have a process that recompiles files as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` command can take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It can be beneficial to have a process that recompiles files as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.
```

> The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` could take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It could be interesting to have a process that recompiles each file as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` can take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It can be beneficial to have a process that recompiles files as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.
```

Does this only apply to `dune exec` or `dune build` too? In the latter case, this should replace or complement the proposed.

The last sentence feels a bit complex or long. Can it be simplified?

> The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` could take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It could be interesting to have a process which recompiles each file as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` could take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It could be interesting to have a process that recompiles each file as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.
```
In the last part of this sentence, do you mean:

It is possible that only one file remains to be compiled

Also, I don't understand what you mean by "just the linking process of all..."

Do you mean that perhaps only one file and the linking process remain? 

Please clarify and we'll work on this sentence together. 😊

> The command `dune build --watch` overwatches for things that need to be compiled. It waits for a file modification that triggers the compilation of needed modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `dune build --watch` watches for files that need to be (re-)compiled. It waits for a file modification that triggers the compilation of needed modules.
```

> The command `dune build --watch` looks for things that need to be compiled, and afterwards, just waits for a modified file that will trigger the compilation of needed modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command `dune build --watch` overwatches for things that need to be compiled. It waits for a file modification that triggers the compilation of needed modules.
```

> The command `dune build --watch` looks for things which need to be compiled, and afterwards, just waits for a modified file which will trigger the compilation of needed modules.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The command `dune build --watch` looks for things that need to be compiled, and afterwards, just waits for a modified file that will trigger the compilation of needed modules.
```

> However, `dune` locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two `dune` commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of Dune by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, Dune locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two Dune commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of Dune by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.
```
If the first two instances of Dune specifically mean the command, then leave them in monospace; but if they refer to Dune, the build tool, then capitalise them as suggested.

> ## Building the Project When Files Changes
> 
> The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` command can take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It can be beneficial to have a process that recompiles files as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.
> 
> The command `dune build --watch` watches for files that need to be (re-)compiled. It waits for a file modification that triggers the compilation of needed modules.
> 
> However, Dune locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two Dune commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of Dune by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatic Recompiling on File Changes

Compiling a project with `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` can take time, especially with many files. To speed this up, you can use `dune build --watch`, which automatically recompiles files as they change.

Keep in mind:

* `dune build --watch` monitors files and triggers necessary recompilation.
* Dune locks the build directory, so you can't run two Dune commands simultaneously.
* To run the application, stop the watch process (Ctrl-C) or execute the app directly with `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.
```

> However, `dune` locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two `dune` commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of Dune by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.

Reviewer 2: A remark about launching `dune build --watch` in the background should be added. For clarity, I believe an item list with the various cases should be added too.

Author: Ok for the background use of `dune build --watch`, but since this command prints the evolution of the compilation, I find it better to launch it on a dedicated terminal... and work with other terminals.

Do you mean a summary with the different `dune` commands. `dune exec ...`, `dune build --watch`, `dune test`. There are not a lot of cases.

> However, `dune` locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two `dune`commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of `dune` by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, `dune` locks the build directory, then it is not possible to launch two `dune` commands at the same time. The `dune build --watch` has to be stopped (typing Ctrl-C) before launching the application. Or we can launch the application without the help of Dune by typing `_build\default\<executable_path>.exe`.
```

The `dune exec <executable_path>.exe` can take some time to compile a project when multiple files are involved. It can be beneficial to have a process that recompiles files as soon as they are changed. Then after the last saved file, it is possible that it remains only a last file to compile or just the linking process of all files and libraries.

> The command `dune build --watch` overwatches for things that need to be compiled. It waits for a file modification that triggers the compilation of needed modules.

Reviewer 3: I don't think overwatches is word used outside of military tactics. Oversees things? Or just "...watches for things"?
